feat(cli): added option on the new command to create a deployment project or a flow project (#5756)
jina-ai/jina: docs/get-started/create-app.md

# {fas}`folder-plus` Create First Project

> Let's build a toy application with Jina. To start, use Jina CLI to make a new project, we can either make a new project as a deployment or a flow: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's build a toy application with Jina. To start, use Jina CLI to make a new Deployment or a Flow: 
```
Please capitalize "Deployment" and "Flow" throughout.

> To create a flow project with Jina CLI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a flow project with Jina CLI:
```
Please use colon in this kind of sentence before code blocks

```bash
jina new hello-jina --type=flow
```

To create a deployment project with Jina CLI
```bash
jina new hello-jina --type=deployment
```

This creates a new project folder called `hello-jina` with the following file structure:

> For a flow project: 

Reviewer: Would be good to group Flow/Deployment file structures with tabs. Then we don't need "For a Flow project", etc.

Here's an example of the syntax (GH won't let me suggest directly via usual tool, and bc of all the backticks I can't type it directly and have it render):

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4182659/224687470-95386b6d-549b-4218-a9a3-15f802e7471f.png)

# {fas}`folder-plus` Create First Project

Let's build a toy application with Jina. To start, use Jina CLI to make a new Deployment or a Flow: 

````{tab} Deployment

> To create a Deployment project with Jina CLI

Reviewer: Can remove lines like this. They're redundant

if __name__ == '__main__':
    c = Client(host='grpcs://1655d050ad.wolf.jina.ai')
    da = c.post('/crunch-numbers', DocumentArray.empty(2))
    print(da.tensors)
```

After you save that, you can run your new client:

```bash
python client.py
```

```text
tensor([[[0.9594, 0.9373],
         [0.4729, 0.2012],
         [0.7907, 0.3546],
         [0.6961, 0.7463],
         [0.3487, 0.7837],
         [0.7825, 0.0556],
         [0.3296, 0.2153],
         [0.2207, 0.0220],
         [0.9547, 0.9519],
         [0.6703, 0.4601]],

        [[0.9684, 0.6781],
         [0.7906, 0.8454],
         [0.2136, 0.9147],
         [0.3999, 0.7443],
         [0.2564, 0.0629],
         [0.4713, 0.1018],
         [0.3626, 0.0963],
         [0.7562, 0.2183],
         [0.9239, 0.3294],
         [0.2457, 0.9189]]], dtype=torch.float64)
```

## Deploy to JCloud

JCloud offers free CPU and GPU instances to host Jina project.

```admonition
:class: important
At present, JCloud is only available for Flows. We are currently working on supporting Deployments.
```

You've just finished your first toy Jina project, congratulations! You can now start your own project.

````

````{tab} Flow

> To create a flow project with Jina CLI:

Reviewer: "Flow" should have capital first letter. Also "Deployment" - can you check throughout the doc that they're capitalized correctly?

```suggestion
To create a Flow project with Jina CLI:
```

Author: Alright, Thank you. Will get to that @alexcg1

> To create a Flow project with Jina CLI:

Reviewer: Kill this line too

```suggestion
```

Author: Alright, I'll get to It

            |- executor.py
```

For a deployment project:
```text
hello-jina/
    |- client.py
    |- deployment.yml
    |- executor1/
            |- config.yml
            |- executor.py
```

> - `flow.yml/deployment.yml` is the configuration file for the {class}`~jina.Flow` or `~jina.Deployment` based on what type of project you create.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `flow.yml/deployment.yml` is the configuration file for the {class}`~jina.Flow` or {class}`~jina.Deployment` based on what type of project you create.
```

## Deploy to JCloud

> JCloud offers free CPU and GPU instances to host Jina project. Let's deploy your first project to JCloud (Note that JCloud is only available for flow projects):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\`\`\`admonition
:class: important

At present, JCloud is only available for Flows. We are currently working on supporting Deployments.
\`\`\`

JCloud offers free CPU and GPU instances to host your Jina project. Let's deploy your first project:
```

GH won't let me put my _actual_ suggestion in (it won't render), so I've had to put backslashes in front of the backticks. My actual suggestion doesn't include the backticks (`\`)

## Deploy to JCloud

> JCloud offers free CPU and GPU instances to host Jina project. Let's deploy your first project to JCloud (Note that JCloud is only available for Flow projects):

Reviewer: As mentioned before, I think we should use [admonition](https://myst-parser.readthedocs.io/en/v0.16.1/syntax/syntax.html#directives-a-block-level-extension-point) instead

Author: @alexcg1 ,  Thanks a lot! don't know how I missed that haha
